General brush up of PowerToys docs (#4558)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp: hub/powertoys/always-on-top.md

## Settings

> From the Settings tab, the following options can be configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the Settings tab, you can configure the following options:
```

We should [use the active voice](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/grammar/verbs#active-and-passive-voice) in documentation where possible.
